README.md, before:

![banner](/Untitled.jpg)

### Hi there 👋 I am Jeff Daffern

Contact Me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreydaffern/)
- Based in Lehi, UT
- Available for: Full-Time and Remote Work

I am a full-stack developer and a hard worker; The kind of person that sees projects through to the end, no matter how difficult.  I am proud to have earned Certificates of Proficiency in both Web Programming and Software Development and am very dedicated, detail-oriented, and passionate about coding.  I am also easy-going and fun to work with.  Creating programs that make people’s lives and jobs easier is what truly motivates me. I have an excellent memory and pick up new skills quickly.

I am most proficient in back-end programming, specifically with Java, but I have also worked with languages such as PHP, Javascript, HTML, CSS, and bootstrap for front-end development. I am very familiar with SQL and GitHub as well. I work with Putty, MySQL, and Git on a daily basis, which has familiarized me with the Linux command line.

I have done volunteer work for the Salt Lake City homeless shelter to design and create brochures for homeless people. This gave me insights into design processes that are transferrable to web design.

https://jeffreydaffern.github.io/JeffreyDaffern/

<!--
**JeffreyDaffern/JeffreyDaffern** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md text to be more concise. Updated information about current work/projects.

README.md, after:

![banner](/Untitled.jpg)

### Hi there 👋 I am Jeff Daffern

Contact Me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreydaffern/)
- Based in Lehi, UT
- Available for: Full-Time and Remote Work

I am a full stack developer. I am the kind of person that sees projects through to the end, no matter how difficult. I have earned Certificates of Proficiency in both Web Programming and Software Development, and am dedicated, detail-oriented, passionate about coding, easy-going, and fun to work with. Creating programs that make people’s lives and jobs easier is what truly motivates me. I have an excellent memory and pick up new skills quickly.

I am most proficient in back-end programming, specifically with Java, but I have also worked with languages such as PHP, Javascript, HTML, CSS, and bootstrap for front-end development. I am very familiar with SQL and GitHub as well. I work with Putty, MySQL, and Git on a daily basis, which has familiarized me with the Linux command line. The nature of my work with Curve, requires that I be able to learn how to use many new applications and incorporate their use into my day to day activities. Due to this I become familiar with new programs rather easily. Over the last few years, I have put much effort into improving my documentation, and have become more detail-oriented.

I have done volunteer work for the Salt Lake City homeless shelter to design and create brochures for homeless people. This gave me insights into design processes that are transferrable to web design.

My newest endeavor is learning to use VBA with Excel to make useful macros to help with daily tasks for work. I have automated several time-consuming tasks using VBA and am in the process of getting more approved to be added to Curve's repository. 

https://jeffreydaffern.github.io/JeffreyDaffern/

<!--
**JeffreyDaffern/JeffreyDaffern** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
